
--- "English Vocabulary Explorer": Privacy Policy ---

"English Vocabulary Explorer" app has been built as a Free app. This 
SERVICE is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page 
is used to inform visitors regarding the app's policies with the 
collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone 
decided to use the Service. 

If you choose to use the Service, then you agree to the collection and 
use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information 
that the app collects is used for providing and improving the Service.

We will not use or share your information with anyone except as 
described in this Privacy Policy.
                  
--- Information Collection and Use ---

For a better experience, while using our Service, the app may require 
you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, 
including but not limited to Android Advertising ID. The information 
that the app requests will be retained on your device and is not 
collected in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to 
identify you.
                  
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
		      
 - Google Play Services: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
 - Google Analytics: https://analytics.google.com/analytics/web/
		      
--- Log Data ---
                  
Whenever you use the Service, the app collects data and information 
(through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log 
Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol 
(“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration 
of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of 
the Service, and other statistics.

--- Cookies ---

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as 
anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the 
websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app 
may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect 
information and improve their services. You have the option to either 
accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to 
your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able 
to use some portions of this Service.
                                    
--- Service Providers --- 

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following
reasons:
                  
 - To facilitate our Service;
 - To provide the Service on our behalf;
 - To perform Service-related services; or
 - To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
                  
These third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason 
is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they 
are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other 
purpose.

--- Security ---

We are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting your 
Personal Information. But remember that no method of transmission over 
the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and 
reliable, and there is no guarantee its absolute security.

--- Links to Other Sites--- 

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a 
third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these 
external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, please review the 
Privacy Policy of these websites since we have no control over them and 
assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices 
of any third-party sites or services.


--- Children’s Privacy --- 

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not 
knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children 
under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us 
with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. 
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has 
provided us with personal information, please contact me so that we will 
be able to do necessary actions.

--- Changes to This Privacy Policy ---

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. Thus, you are 
advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will 
notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this 
page.  These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on 
this page.


--- Contact Us ---

If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, do 
not hesitate to contact us via this e-mail: borisgdev@gmai.com.
